#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in requirements.txt
#
--no-binary pygeos
--no-binary shapely

absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
adapt==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
affine==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   fiona
    #   frictionless
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   morecantile
    #   pytest
    #   rasterio
    #   ray
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
branca==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   folium
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
ckanapi==4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   ray
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   typer
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shap
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbdime
    #   typer
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
countryinfo==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cramjam==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastparquet
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyopenssl
cvxopt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   adapt
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   validators
defopt==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ckanapi
    #   num2words
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   defopt
earthengine-api==0.1.332
    # via -r requirements.txt
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
execnet==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastcore==1.5.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
fastparquet==2022.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
    #   virtualenv
fiona==1.8.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
flatbuffers==22.12.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
folium==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
frictionless==5.5.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastparquet
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
gdal==3.6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
geopandas==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
geowrangler @ git+https://github.com/thinkingmachines/geowrangler.git
    # via -r requirements.txt
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via nbdime
google-api-core==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.66.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
google-auth==2.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h3==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
h5py==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
haversine==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
hdx-python-api==5.9.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
hdx-python-country==3.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
hdx-python-utilities==3.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-country
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
humanize==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
identify==2.5.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
ijson==3.2.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
inflect==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   quantulum3
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   frictionless
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonlines==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
jsonpath-ng==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
jsonschema==4.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
    #   tableschema-to-template
jupyter-client==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyterlab==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab-vim==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
keras==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
libhxl==4.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-country
lightgbm==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
line-profiler==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   numba
loguru==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
    #   hdx-python-utilities
makefun==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
mapclassify==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
marko==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
morecantile==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
    #   rio-cogeo
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
munch==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fiona
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mapclassify
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
num2words==0.5.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   quantulum3
numba==0.56.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shap
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   adapt
    #   contourpy
    #   fastparquet
    #   folium
    #   geowrangler
    #   h5py
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pygeos
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   ray
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   snuggs
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   xgboost
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
osmium==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastcore
    #   fastparquet
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   shap
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   geowrangler
    #   mapclassify
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
petl==1.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==2.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   libhxl
pockets==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinxcontrib-napoleon
pre-commit==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   inflect
    #   morecantile
    #   rio-cogeo
pygeos==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   rich
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyphonetics==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-country
pyproj==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-xdist==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   hdx-python-utilities
    #   jupyter-client
    #   libhxl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-io-wrapper==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
python-slugify==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ckanapi
    #   frictionless
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   pre-commit
    #   ray
    #   tableschema-to-template
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
quantulum3==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-api
rasterio==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-cogeo
rasterstats==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geowrangler
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
ray[tune]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tune-sklearn
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ckanapi
    #   earthengine-api
    #   folium
    #   frictionless
    #   geowrangler
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   libhxl
    #   nbdime
    #   osmium
    #   ray
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-cache==0.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typer
rio-cogeo==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   adapt
    #   geowrangler
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   shap
    #   tune-sklearn
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   adapt
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shap==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
shellingham==1.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typer
simpleeval==0.9.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
simplejson==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rasterstats
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   ckanapi
    #   earthengine-api
    #   fiona
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   munch
    #   pockets
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   sphinxcontrib-napoleon
    #   tensorflow
    #   url-normalize
slicer==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shap
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rasterio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinxcontrib-napoleon==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   defopt
stack-data==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
structlog==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
tableschema-to-template==0.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   ray
tensorboard==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
tensorflow==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   adapt
tensorflow-estimator==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shap
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
tune-sklearn==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
typer[all]==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   frictionless
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
unidecode==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
    #   pyphonetics
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
validators==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
virtualenv==20.16.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
    #   ray
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   libhxl
    #   lightgbm
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
xgboost==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
xlrd3==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libhxl
xlsxwriter==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema-to-template
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hdx-python-utilities
zipp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
